Miss Zhang, please respect yourself.
I already have a wife
Wife, you are married.
I don't believe it.
You said that on purpose to provoke me, right?
After all
I have never seen a more beautiful woman than me
You can't do it for an ugly guy
Don't you want me, a beautiful woman who has been in love with you for many years?
You're being ironic.
You care about me, right?
Ye Feng
You are already the chairperson of the new moon fairy tale
Stop feeling inferior
You can say you like me now
I rejected you before
It's all for your own good
I want you to put your mind on studying.
You see, you've finally made it.
You can ask me out for dinner now
and
My family lives near the company
After dinner
We can still
This lady
Are you trying to snatch my fiancé from Shangguan Linglong?
What if you are Miss Shangguan?
The person Ye Feng likes is me
I'm sorry, Miss Li, I may have to disappoint you.
Ye Fang doesn't like you
The whole school knows
About him sending love letters
He is also delivering for others, and it is impossible for you to lie.
What's the truth?
You can ask your junior high school classmates.
The fact that the cape doesn't like you
The whole school knows except you
Humph